1-Eye treatment

Eye surgery, also known as ocular surgery, 
is surgery performed on the eye or its adnexa, typically by an ophthalmologist. 
The eye is a very fragile organ, and requires extreme care before, 
during, and after a surgical procedure to minimise or prevent further damage. 
An expert eye surgeon is responsible for selecting the appropriate surgical procedure for the patient,
and for taking the necessary safety precautions. 
Mentions of eye surgery can be found in several ancient texts dating back as early as 1800 BC, 
with cataract treatment starting in the fifth century BC. 
Today it continues to be a widely practiced type of surgery, 
with various techniques having been developed for treating eye problems.

2-Skin Surgery

Skin Removal Surgery After Weight Loss
Losing a lot of weight is a great accomplishment and a step towards a healthier, 
more active life. However, excess, sagging skin can present a new challenge, 
keeping patients from fully enjoying the benefits of their weight loss. 
An experienced cosmetic surgeon can remove excess skin and restore more aesthetically pleasing body contours.



3-Diagnosis clinic

Diagnostic Clinic Medical Group is part of the GuideWell family of companies 
focusing on transforming the delivery of care. 
GuideWell Mutual Holding Corporation is a corporation based in Jacksonville, Florida.




4-Dental care

Oral hygiene is the practice of keeping one's mouth clean and free of disease 
and other problems by regular brushing of the teeth and cleaning between the teeth. 
It is important that oral hygiene be carried out on a regular basis to enable prevention 
of dental disease and bad breath


5-Neurology service

A doctor who specializes in neurology is called a neurologist. 
The neurologist treats disorders that affect the brain, 
spinal cord, and nerves, such as: Cerebrovascular disease, such as stroke. 
Demyelinating diseases of the central nervous system, such as multiple sclerosis. Headache disorders.



6-Plastic surgery

Plastic surgery is a surgical specialty involving the restoration, 
reconstruction, or alteration of the human body. 
It can be divided into two main categories: reconstructive surgery and cosmetic surgery. 
Reconstructive surgery includes craniofacial surgery, hand surgery, microsurgery, 
and the treatment of burns. 
While reconstructive surgery aims to reconstruct a part of the body or improve its functioning, 
cosmetic (or aesthetic) surgery aims at improving the appearance of it.

7-Ophthalmology


Ophthalmology is a branch of medicine and surgery that deals with the diagnosis and treatment 
of disorders of the eye. 
An ophthalmologist is a physician who specializes in ophthalmology. 
The credentials include a degree in medicine, 
followed by additional four to five years of residency training in ophthalmology.








